Describe "delay" for modbus (#17703)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/modbus.markdown

{% configuration %}
delay:

>   description: Time to delay messagees in seconds after connecting. Some modbus devices need a delay typically 1-2 seconds after connection is established in order to prepare the communication. If a device accepts connecting with no response to the requests send or the device disconnects, this parameter might help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Time to delay messages in seconds after connecting. Some modbus devices need a delay typically 1-2 seconds after connection is established in order to prepare the communication. If a device accepts connecting with no response to the requests sent or the device disconnects, this parameter might help.
```
